Traditionally, our forms have been designed to show one question at a time. This makes them feel more conversational and increases engagement. But sometimes, you might want to streamline your form by asking multiple questions on the same page. By adding a Multi-Question Page to your form, you can do just that.

When you add a Multi-Question page to your form, here's how questions will be displayed to your respondents.

Supported question types 
Checkbox
Dropdown
Email
Legal 
Long Text
Multiple Choice
NPS
Opinion Scale
Phone Number
Ranking
Short Text
Statement
Yes/No

How to add a Multi-Question Page to your form
1. Go to the form you want to edit and click + Add content.
2. Select Multi-Question Page from the question menu. Note! If you don't see Multi-Question Page in the content menu, please follow the instructions in this article on how to add multiple question
3. A new page will be added to your form where you can add as many questions as you like. To begin with, write your question header and a description. Note! The question header of your Multi-Question Page won't be included in downloaded results. You'll only see results for each question within your Multi-Question Page. 
This is because the header doesn't collect results from your respondents.
4. Click the dropdown arrow next to your header. You’ll notice a Short Text question has been added automatically. If you want to change the question type from Short Text to another question type, go to the question settings in the right-hand sidebar and choose a question type from the dropdown menu.
5. Write your first question.
6. Then click + Add content to add another question. 
7. You can change your question settings in the right-hand sidebar. For example, depending on your question type, you can make the question required or set a character limit for responses.
8. Once you’ve added all the questions you want, you’re done!

If you want to add more questions to your form outside of the Multi-Question page, click + Add content and select a question type.

If you select a question type that's compatible with the Multi-Question Page (see the top of this article for a full list of supported question types), it'll be placed in the Multi-Question Page by default, but you can move it by clicking and dragging it out of the Multi-Question Page.

You can also click on the question type icons and drag them around to change the order within the Multi-Question Page.

Similarly, you can drag and drop compatible question types into your Multi-Question Page.

9. If you want to add logic to your form, head to the Workflow panel to add Branching rules and conditions to your Multi-Question Page.

You can select the individual questions within your Multi-Question page to send your respondents down different paths or to segment your audience.

And voilà! Here’s how our Multi-Question Page will look to our respondents.

10. Once you’ve collected some responses, go to the Results panel to see your data. Answers to each question on a Multi-Question Page will be shown as standalone answers in your results, just like in forms with only one question per page.

11. Similarly, when you connect a form containing a Multi-Question Page to another tool, it works just like with any other question type. You can map each question from the Multi-Question Page to a different field in the integration.

Check out all our integrations here.

FAQ

Can I add a Partial Submit Point after the Multi-Question Page?
You can add a Partial Submit Point after the Multi-Question Page, just like with any other question type. However, you can't add a Partial Submit Point after a specific question within your Multi-Question Page.

Does the Multi-Question Page support Data Enrichment?
Yes. You can collect enrichment data with an email question in the Multi-Question Page if it is the first email question of your form.

Can I use Logic with the Multi-Question Page?
Yes. You can use Logic to direct respondents to a Multi-Question page or use answers provided in the Multi-Question Page in Logic rules.

Can I add a score or create an outcome quiz with the Multi-Question Page?
No. Currently, adding a score or creating an outcome quiz is not supported with the Multi-Question Page.

If you want to create an umbrella question with sub-questions on separate pages, check out our Question Group feature.

Can I embed a Multi-Question Page in an email?

No. Launching your form in an email with the Multi-Question Page as your first question is currently not supported.